How much do people know about mental disease? Although more and more people start to be familiar with the names of these illness such as depression and paranoia, there are still few people really understand the seriousness of them. 
For every teenager, it is common to enter a period of depression. Life is long, we always encounter all kinds of hardships. Some people will be defeated by these difficulties, and some people reborn to become stronger. I also experienced a period of depression that made me feel I was struggling in a bottomless swamp. This feeling is so real that I can easily recall and remind myself to be optimistic and gentle, and it also help me realize the importance of helping others go through the process.
During the time that I was preparing for the high school entrance exams, the academic burden and the emotional stress that I had made me nervous and I began to avoid communicating with others. In this case, my body began to have symptoms such as easy distraction, insomnia, the feelings of often imagined that something bad would happen. However, that is when I knew my best friend has been diagnosed as depression. It was a shock not only to her family but also to me. I used to feel that I have experience the unfortunate and the negative emotion. After hearing my friend’s feeling, I found out I was too innocent in the past. She told me that, although some people think becoming busy will force the patient get rid of the feeling of powerless, depression makes people upset. Everyday they are lack of positive motives, and life is just going on but they are alone. Nothing was able to light up their interests. I just couldn’t let my friend be sucked by the terrible mental disorder, so I determine to help her out the predicament. Checking the related books in the school library is one way to get more information. On another hand, I requested her to speak to me whenever she feel uncomfortable. Pouring out the negative emotions is a feasible way to release most of the pain. All I did was listening carefully to her and immediately providing several advices. I knew she doesn’t like doing sports, but I insisted to let her do jogging everyday after school. Not only for a healthy body, but also help her to minimize the stress from socialization and academy. In addition, listening to soft music also provides this kind of curative effect. Later on, her situation became better and better, and I also understood certain things about this kind of illness. Most people only know that taking medicine is an efficient way to restrain the pain, however, that is not the best way to work out. Mental disorder has not been paid enough attention to, the clinical treatments are ought to develop a better way for all the people who is struggling with depression. 
 Not only depression, autism is also a kind of disorder, which block children in their own tiny world. I once went to see the autistic children in the recovery center. While I was talking to them, their eyes didn't have focused on anywhere, and only some of them could response to our words with the help of the teacher in the center. Our group was planned to teach them how to paint with leaves, however, things didn't work as we expected. But this also indicated autistic children need more care from others. They are special, and this is not the reason to taunt then, but the reason we should give them a hand to lead them out of the closed world. 
After helping my friend and seeing the uncommon children, I find my self being interested in learning about the unusual mental process of different people. Even nowadays the people who prejudice those mental disordered patients still exist. Bias is hard to eliminate, but we can try our best to help the man in need. That is the reason I want to seek into the field of psychology.
